docs: clarify modules option in preset-env (#2301)
babel/website: docs/preset-env.md

`"amd" | "umd" | "systemjs" | "commonjs" | "cjs" | "auto" | false`, defaults to `"auto"`.

Enable transformation of ES module syntax to another module type. Note that `cjs` is just an alias for `commonjs`.

> Setting this to `false` will preserve ES module. This is only favored if you intend to ship native ES Module to browsers. If you are using a bundler with Babel, the default `modules: "auto"` is always preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this to `false` will preserve ES modules. Use this only if you intend to ship native ES Modules to browsers. If you are using a bundler with Babel, the default `modules: "auto"` is always preferred.
```

#### `modules: "auto"`

> By default `@babel/preset-env` uses [`caller`](options.md#caller) data to determine whether ES module and module features (e.g. `import()`) should be transformed. Generally `caller` data will be specified in the bundler plugins (e.g. `babel-loader`, `@rollup/plugin-babel`) and thus it is not recommended to pass `caller` data yourself -- The passed `caller` may overwrite the one from bundler plugins and in the future you may get suboptimized results if bundlers supports new module features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `@babel/preset-env` uses [`caller`](options.md#caller) data to determine whether ES modules and module features (e.g. `import()`) should be transformed. Generally `caller` data will be specified in the bundler plugins (e.g. `babel-loader`, `@rollup/plugin-babel`) and thus it is not recommended to pass `caller` data yourself -- The passed `caller` may overwrite the one from bundler plugins and in the future you may get suboptimized results if bundlers supports new module features.
```
